Add documentation for indices.replication.max_bytes_per_sec (#7048)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings.md

- `indices.recovery.max_concurrent_remote_store_streams` (Integer): The number of streams to the remote repository that can be opened in parallel when recovering a remote store index. Default is `20`. 

> - `indices.replication.max_bytes_per_sec` (String): Limits the total inbound and outbound replication traffic for each node. If a value is not specified the configured value of `indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec` will be used, which is by default 40mb.  If you set the replication traffic value to less than or equal to 0mb, rate limiting will be disabled, which causes replication data to be transferred at the highest possible rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `indices.replication.max_bytes_per_sec` (String): Limits the total inbound and outbound replication traffic for each node. If a value is not specified in the configured value the `indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec` setting is used, which defaults to 40 mb.  If you set the replication traffic value to less than or equal to 0 mb, rate limiting is disabled, which causes replication data to be transferred at the highest possible rate.
```

> - `indices.replication.max_bytes_per_sec` (String): Limits the total inbound and outbound replication traffic for each node. If a value is not specified in the configured value the `indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec` setting is used, which defaults to 40 mb.  If you set the replication traffic value to less than or equal to 0 mb, rate limiting is disabled, which causes replication data to be transferred at the highest possible rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `indices.replication.max_bytes_per_sec` (String): Limits the total inbound and outbound replication traffic for each node. If a value is not specified in the configured value the `indices.recovery.max_bytes_per_sec` setting is used, which defaults to 40 mb. If you set the replication traffic value to less than or equal to 0 mb, rate limiting is disabled, which causes replication data to be transferred at the highest possible rate.
```
